I'm afraid that we won't be in the same place.
Get him out of the family!
I beg you, give me more money,
The other owners are confused!
Have you seen him? He came down again and begged me for blessings?
If you don’t want to be so arrogant, who else wants us to die?
Who is he? What does he do?
You are so afraid, the first three come,
He knows everything about what happened the day before yesterday.
You are Duduzui first,
This great incident was ruined,
Our front cock cock cock cock,
This is not enough
He keeps money like this
All materials and inspections were handed over to the Hu Nu Gang
Your husband is older
But green green green
There are decent people in my family
Running with you will make me better
I'm ready to help
leave it to the political officer but mr.
Let this marriage happen
I can't say that anymore, Mr. Shifen
We're all wrong about how much
I can't go to this material
One click of the rope and it comes out
Mr. Direction Security, you two
Don't hit me, I'll hit you
The road board where you put this thing of mine
This kind of people will deal with it.
On you now
I'm dead now on you
OK this
You can't escape anyone
No, don't run away from me
On you now
I don't want to hand anything over
Don't run away from me
Ever since you let my little brother Bei go
I don’t want to promise you now either